forget everything you've ever known
about adventure
[Music]
romance
betrayal
and comedy and discover it all over
again
from kenneth branagh the director of
henry v and debt again William
Shakespeare's much ado about nothing all
women shall pardon me odd will live a
bachelor a dear happiness to women she's
the sweetest lady in another island time
in the world by such a jewel
if that'll does love fair hero cherish
it she shall be thy shall never see a
Bachelor of threescore again I wonder
that you will still be talking senior
Benedick nobody marks you
I cannot endure my lady tongue I shall
see the ere I die look pale with love
[Music]
which of my bad parts with our first
fall in love with me for them all
together Kenneth Branagh Academy Award
winner Emma Thompson Academy Award
winner Denzel Washington Keanu Reeves
Robert Sean Leonard Michael Keaton and
introducing Kate Beckinsale the seventy
golden company presents oh yay much ado
about nothing the most romantic
adventure of all does a double meaning
in that
[Music]